Probably coming in a little hot today. Maybe a little stream of consciousness. But I got a lot of my mind. A lot of thoughts.
So I'm just gonna let it rip.
It might not be for you, but that's fine. You'll be okay because you probably need to hear it anyway.
Like to start with.
Father forgive them.
For they not know what they do.
That hit me this morning. I was on my daily rock. Shout out to Jason Choll.
I had a lot of anger built up recently and
listening to today's episode of the Daily Blade. Shout out to Jovian Kyle.
But the episode ended with what is your Jerusalem?
I'm gonna butcher it, but ultimately what is the direction or goal that you're working towards that you feel like you're falling short of?
You could fall short of that. You need God's help with. You need other people's help with.
Like what is your direction? You're a vision.
And for some reason that just triggers something to me and.
My Jerusalem immediately hit me and it's.
It's not all that difficult. It's not all that crazy.
Ultimately, it's just leaving this earth better than how I found it.
And breaking the generational cycles that are my wife and I family for my children.
And the generations to come.
And to speak out and stand up against societal and work cultures that are gross and no longer serve us as men.
The mental health, the work life balance, the all the things that.
A lot of people say they provide or say they do.
Well, we're here to if you need something you're struggling or going through something mentally like reach out or whatever.
But then when you speak out, it gets held against you.
Or now your liability because you're mentally unstable, you're fragile, you're vulnerable, you're open, you're honest or you're too honest or whatever it is.
It's all nonsense and garbage. And ultimately it's not your problem. It's theirs.
But.
That's just something else that's been on my mind.
And then.
How strong my faith in the Lord has become recently.
And the reasons why it has been there's it's now become so apparent to me that.
God has been reaching out to me for a while and putting things in my path for a while.
And I guess just waiting for me to come come around.
It started with Jason and then it led me to Joe.
And then Jason led me to the men's group and Troy and Jared and.
All the guys part of men's group, the guys that are going to that were at the rock, the guys that are going to be at the golf outing like.
Because that men's group in April has changed my life. I mean it.
I don't know how I'll explain it from that point forward.
I just decided to move totally different.
And it's odd that I decided to do this right before father's day because.
Driving force and almost everything I do is being a husband and a father.
Actually, it's not almost everything it is that behind everything I do.
It's behind me finding God's behind me going to the gym.
It's behind me working the way that I do.
Moving now the way that I have been because I haven't been the perfect husband, the perfect father probably far from it.
Listen, there's never been a perfect man to walk his plan.
Except for one of his name was Jesus and I'm not him.
I may have a nice, luscious beard like he does, but definitely not him.
No more clothes.
And nobody ever will be.
But I digress.
My beard is beautiful though.
And then lastly, for people that know me, this is going to make them laugh out loud from their belly.
They are going to cackle like hyenas.
Today is day one of John no longer cursing.
I'm going to need all your thoughts and all your prayers to make this happen.
Because anyone who knows me knows I have a port of body mouth.
It is no bueno.
But again, as a part of me moving different.
I guess you've got to put your money where you're about this sometimes, right?
You've got to actually move different.
You've got to actually be different.
A lot of people are just a little chihuahua.
There's a lot of barking, not a lot of nothing.
They're not about that action as a martial art lynch would say.
They're not really about it.
They want to say a lot, but they don't want to do a lot.
But that's the whole point of this podcast, right?
It's to hold myself accountable and hold you all accountable.
It's the point of the men's group.
Iron sharpens iron.
If this hits you in your tender parts, then good.
Be better.
You don't like it.
I don't care.
Be better.
Just be better.
Every day, incrementally.
You are 1% better every day.
At the end of the year, how much better are you?
365%, 366%, on some years, I guess.
But you get my point.
The only competition you have on this point is the person you were yesterday.
If you can continually prove upon that person,
put God first, put family first.
Your life will fall in the place.
You will start moving in a different direction.
You will have a different vision.
And your life will ultimately turn around.
I've devoted my life to God for the last two months.
And those last two months have been better.
Relationship wise, professionally, personally, then.
A very large portion of 35 years of life on this planet.
So I encourage all of you to find God, find the Bible, find the Scripture,
find a mentor in faith, minor Jason and Troy.
And just get after it.
And I think most of you will find.
He has put breadcrumbs out there for you.
You just haven't seen yet.
The fact that Jason got put into my life like six years ago
on some terrible job site somewhere.
And then it's supposed to come back around.
They were eating lunch or lunch at the college bakery.
And then I'm in the men's group.
And then my man Joe,
shout out to JSI, came into my life.
And then him and I were talking and found out he gave his life to God in 2022.
And his life has been different ever since.
I don't believe in quincences.
I don't believe in luck.
All these things happen for a reason.
God has already done everything he will do for you.
You just have to follow him on that path.
So I'll end with that.
Happy Father's Day to all the fathers out there.
Be better for all the people who need it right now.
You don't like what I'm saying.
You'll be fine.
Rock bottom is in the end. It's the starting point.
