Welcome to the next episode of Rebuilding and Broken Man.
It's been longer than I had anticipated or wanted between episodes.
But I have a life, I have a career, I have a family, I have children is what it is.
But this episode is about making a change.
That's what this podcast was started for.
Rebuilding myself through faith, becoming a better husband, a better father, a better man.
And I am doing that.
Every day is not easy, every day is not sunshine and rainbows I've said before.
Some days just fly out suck, they're supposed to.
Some days you eat the bear, some days the bear eats you.
That's life.
Just keep moving, keep pushing, get up when you get knocked down.
1% better every day.
That's the game.
It's the game we're all playing whether you know it or not.
I imagine some of you are probably getting 1% worse every day.
And that's on you.
But I'm hoping if you follow some of the stuff that I'm following and doing that your life can improve,
his mind has began to improve.
Now, I would say that I'm still broken.
I mean, it's only been a little bit, but there's a little bit holding me, a little bit more holding me together than there was before.
God has been very good to me over the past few weeks, month, two months.
And I am beyond thankful for that.
I have mentors in faith.
I have men in my life now who are pushing me, inspiring me to be better, do better.
I have decided to do things that in the past, I wouldn't even have considered right wrong or indifferent.
In the past, I would have put my career above my family and my wife.
And that got me to the point where I started this podcast, it got me to where I was broken.
But I have stopped doing that.
And now that I do it, and I am conscious about it, and I am putting them before everything.
Well, God and then before everything, my life has been improving.
And as I've told you before, I do not believe in coincidence as of any kind.
So therefore I know it is not a coincidence.
But making conscious choices to put God in my family first has led me on what I believe is a better path.
There is a big change coming in my life.
I am not going to speak too much on it right here right now.
But it is coming.
You all will see it on LinkedIn. It will be a thing.
But we are not there yet.
So I am going to speak on that a little bit though.
Because you, you individually, why oh you are the only person who can make a change for you.
That is a you problem.
You don't like how you look. Maybe you should start eating better brother.
Maybe you should start hitting the gym. Maybe you start walking. Maybe you start running.
I hate running. But some people love it. You got it.
I love weightlifting. I love walking.
Getting cardio in that way with weighted vest, rocking, doing my thing.
That's why I enjoy it.
Maybe you have reached the point in your life where you are tired of feeling it.
You need to control everything.
Tired of being lost. Tired of just wandering.
Tired of all the things that I've talked about leading up to this.
And you want to devote your life to God.
That's a you problem. Only you can do that.
God wants you. God loves you. God created you in his image.
And he wants you to be close to him and he's doing everything that he can already to draw you into him.
You just might not be aware of it.
And now looking back on the remaining the previous points of my life.
He was already working for me and trying to draw me in. I just wasn't being receptive.
And now when I look back on those situations, it's truly my blood.
But if you want to change something, you have to change something.
If you want to do something, you have to do something.
You can't say, well, mom, I was my parents sucked or my wife sucks or my job sucks.
Or whatever this that I got bad health, I got whatever, whatever.
It's all nonsense, man. It's just crap. Period.
There are people that have it way worse than all of us.
And they still put a smile on their face every day. They still wake up. They still get after it.
A lot of them will never be successful or wealthy or rich, but they're happy.
But some of those people turn pain into huge amounts of success.
It's just the mindset thing. It's a perspective thing.
If you tell yourself, oh, my mom's an alcoholic. My dad's an alcoholic. I'm just going to be an alcoholic.
Well, then yeah, you are. Yeah, you are.
But if you tell yourself and you want to be different, then be different, man.
Don't drink. I mean, don't do it.
You can break the cycle. It's a conscious choice.
Any cycle, any situation that you in, you can change it.
You don't like your job. Change it. You don't like your body. Change it.
You want to be a better man, a better person than be a better man and a better person.
Simple and concept hard in practice.
And I'm coming a little fire on this because I truly feel impassioned and boldened by the changes that have happened in my life
because of the changes that I've made as a person.
Now, it's only been a little bit. I could completely fall apart today.
I could lose ever all the structure, all the hard work, everything I've done, I could lose it today.
So check it with me tomorrow.
And then the day after that, and then the day after that, and then the day after that, and then eventually,
you'll see where I had the chips fall.
Consistency, faithfulness, times time, equals lasting impact.
I learned that yesterday through a podcast, through Craig Grohlsch, and that was shared in our men's group WhatsApp, and it really hit me.
Consistency is key and everything.
I've been reading the Bible every day. I've been praying every day.
I've been making conscious efforts to put my book God and my wife and my family first every day, and my life is improving.
No quits, it's not a mistake.
I am making conscious efforts to reframe my mind, and be more positive, and not look at things so negatively, and make all the changes, and be the person that I should have been, and the person that I am deep down inside, the person that society beat down to oblivion.
I'm rebuilding that person. The person I was meant to be, the person God created me to be, and you can do the same.
Don't hit me with any of the excuses. I don't do it. I don't want to hear it, because I'm going to tell you how it is, and you're not going to like it. Point blank period.
If you've listened to any of these episodes, I say what I say, I do what I do, like it or not.
I am who I am, it is what it is.
One thing that sparked the change that I'm making in my life is I was putting a position where I had to pick between something in my family, and I chose my family, and it feels fantastic, and I feel like I'm more on for having not done it up until this point.
Having let me get so far away from me that I was on the verge of losing everything, because I was just being an idiot.
I said before, everything happens for a reason, and I mean everything happens for a reason, but sometimes that reason is just you're an idiot.
You do dumb things. You say dumb things. You put things above your family and your wife and God. Those would all be stupid.
Whether you agree or not, I'm pretty sure it's a concrete fact.
So I am what they would say balls deep in this journey that I'm on now, and there are big things coming, and I plan on doing even bigger things.
I'm mowing some even bigger ideas. Will I start them? I don't know.
Will I start them right away? I don't know. Will I start them at all? No clue.
I'll ask some big ideas, some big ambitions, and I find a new way every day to keep the fire burning.
Regardless of what that is, like Michael Jordan, that's all I needed. Just one little comment, one little situation, it's all I needed.
Say no more. It's all I needed.
I set a lot throughout my life for a different reason, a different side of me that I am working on killing because that the person I was has no place in my life now.
But I said before, do not poke the bear. So while that bear was probably a bit of a man-eating grizzly in past points of my life, it's still a bear.
Maybe more like a, I don't know. Maybe more like a black bear now, but I still want to identify with the grizzly bear because they're dope, but I digress.
I just want to thank a few people out there who have been instrumental in this journey, and I've mentioned them before.
The names are Jason Scholl and Troy Dietrich. They continue to motivate me every day, send me Bible passages every day.
In our text, I said, in our WhatsApp, YouTube videos, podcasts, on this conversations, voldemoral conversations, real conversations, none of that fluff nonsense, bull crap.
You guys spew none of that. Just real cold hard stuff.
And Jason is already, in my opinion, changing the world, at least our section of the world. And I am thrilled to have been, to be a part of it.
And I cannot wait for what it has in store. So if you're struggling with any of the stuff that I've talked about today's the day.
Start today. Start right now.
Download the Bible app on your phone. Say a prayer. Can nobody tell you how to pray, brother. Say a prayer.
I don't care what it sounds like. What it feels like. Just do it. I promise you you're going to feel better afterwards.
And then do it again. And then do it again. And then do it again. And then do it again.
Look out for your fellow human, your fellow man. Be a good person. Be a kind person. Treat everyone with the love and respect that they deserve until they don't.
One percent better every day.
Even if you're half a percent better every day, that's still 150 percent better year over year.
Probably, I suck it, man. It's probably a little higher than that. But you get the point. One percent better is 365. So whatever half of that is.
Don't judge me. Math is never my strongest.
Leads me to one last thing that I do want to touch on is I have found my calling, I believe.
And I believe it is to help men who are in the thick of it, who are struggling, who are depressed, who are suicidal, who don't see a way out.
But swallow in a bullet or the top of a building. Like those are my people. Those are the people I'm coming for. Those are the people I'm coming to help.
So if that is you reach out to me on LinkedIn, find my phone number, ask for my phone number, DMs, whatever you want to do. I am here.
Rock bottom is not the end. It is the starting point.
